privacy policy.This Privacy Policy explains how data that you share with Stoic is processed and protected.The terms “user” and “you” refer to a person that uses Stoic Application (“App” or “Stoic App”), visits Stoic website, interacts with Stoic social media (together as “Services”) or contact Stoic.The terms “Stoic” and “we” refer to a company incorporated in the US which is responsible for processing personal data as described in this Privacy Policy:    Stoic App inc.2261 Market Street #4243San Francisco, CA 94114DATA WE PROCCESSData from Stoic AppStoic has no access to user’s account data, Apple ID or Google ID. We do not collect user’s name or contact details (unless user contacts us directly).When you open Stoic App we automatically collect certain data about the App and how you engage with it, such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, approximate location, the pages of the App that you open, time, type, frequency and duration of your activities in the App.We do not have access to any content you add in the App, for instance notes in the diary. We can also not see what questions are displayed to you in the App and what answers you give. Example: we know that a person with a certain IP address was meditating on 25th of March 2021 from 9am till 9.30am and then made a note, but we do not have access to that note.Some of the data we collect we do not obtain directly from the App but from third parties - analytic services we cooperate with to give you the best experience. For this purpose cookies may be installed on your device. Stoic does not use cookies for marketing, advertising, sold to third parties purposes. The only cookies Stoic App uses are those provided by analytical services we cooperate with to obtain information on users’ activity in the App.In case of an error of the App we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when utilizing service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.Legal grounds: Contract – the data we process are necessary to provide you with service which is delivering content and exercises that address your individual needs. It’s also necessary to fix technical problems that may occur while using the App Legitimate interest – we process data to develop our service and offer users more advanced product.Apple HealthKit and Google FitStoic App offers its users option to make a connection with their Apple HealthKit or Google Fit. With users’ consent Stoic App communicates with the HealthKit or Google Fit to share data.If you grant Stoic App access to HealthKit or Google Fit it can add information to certain sections of HealthKit or Google Fit, ie. adding the minutes of meditation that you were practicing.We also collect certain non-sensitive information through HealthKit or Google Fit, ie. data relates to “mindful minutes” or “activity” Sections in Stoic App that facilitate providing personalized experience. We do not use information gained through the HealthKit  or Google Fit for advertising or similar services. You can any time stop Stoic App from accessing your data in HealthKit or Google Fit by changing the settings.Legal grounds: Consent.Location dataStoic App offers its users option to share their exact location.If you grant Stoic App access to your location we can provide you with more personalized experience, ie. gives you suggestions how certain places may be connected to your wellbeing. You can any time stop Stoic App from accessing your exact location data by changing the settings.Legal grounds: Consent. Purchase and financial data Stoic has no access to users’ Apple ID or Google ID and financial information they provide in the process of purchasing Stoic App subscription. We do not collect and do not have access to your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, id number, credit card information, bank account details or anything else that can personally identify you while you make a purchase.Purchases made through the Apple In-App purchase feature are subject solely to Apple’s terms and conditions and Apple Privacy Policy. Purchases made through Google In-App are subject solely to Google Play Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy.Stoic is not liable for any in-app purchases. You can request a refund directly from your App Store provider.Revenuecat is a service provider that imposes the performance of the purchasing process.  The controllers for your financial data are the entities listed above. Contact dataIf user contacts Stoic we collect user’s data. We collect data you share when you contact us either directly or fill in form on our website.  When you contact us via email we collect your email address and may collect your name or other contact details (ie. telephone number) if you provide us with them. The contact form requires giving your name and email address.We have access to detail of your social network profile if you contact us via Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin or Twitter. Data we collect includes also content of the messages you send us. We use this data to give you response and research your question or concerns properly.If you express interest in our Services and send us your contact details we may occasionally send you message in connection with our Services we present information and offerings from Stoic. If you do not wish to receive any further information from us, you can object by clicking the link which you will find in email received from us or by sending us a message with your request.Legal grounds: Contract – address requests and get feedback regarding Services.Legitimate interest – contact regarding new App features, update or useful information about Services etc.Data from Stoic websiteWhen user visits Stoic website limited analytical data such as user’s device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, approximate location, the pages opened, time and duration of the visit is collected by analytical services we cooperate with. For this purpose cookies may be installed on your device. Stoic does not use cookies for marketing, advertising, sold to third parties purposes. The only cookies Stoic website uses are those provided by analytical services we cooperate with to obtain information on website usage and traffic.Legal grounds: Legitimate interest - we process data to understand visitors’ needs and develop our Services.Social media dataStoic maintains social media profile pages on Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin and Twitter ("fan pages"). When you visit our fan pages, Stoic collects communications, content and other information that you provide us. If you have an account on Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin or Twitter, we automatically have access to your public information.Whenever you interact with fan pages, Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin or Twitter uses cookies and similar technologies to track the usage behaviour of fan page visits. On this basis we receive only statistical, depersonalised (anonymised) information about visitors to our fan page. We do not have access to your personal information which is performed exclusively by Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin or Twitter.Legal basis:Consent – you may adjust your preferences through your Facebook, Linkedin or Twitter settings.RETENTION PERIODWe will keep your data as long as it is necessary for the purposes described above. When you rise valid objection to receiving information from us or processing your personal data on legitimate interest basis we will keep your data no longer than it is necessary to perform the contract or for legal purposes.  Retention period for personal data from social media lasts as long as the relevant page, content or user exists on Facebook, Linkedin or Twitter.PARTNERS We work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance and backup. We share users’ data with analytical services that support us with data analyses. Personal data related to subscriptions and payments are – as it was explained above – solely processed by relevant App Stores providers and do not lie within Stoic competence. When using Stoic App, you may agree that we will share some health-related information with third party devices and services, such as Apple HealthKit and Google Fit. We do not share your information without your permission.CHILDRENStoic App is not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16) and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age of 16. However, if law requires that you must be older in order for Stoic to lawfully process your personal data without parental’s consent then you must acquire this minimum age.USER’S RIGHTSGeneral user’s rightsYou can access, correct or change your personal information. You can change most of your information yourself in Stoic App For other cases please contact us.If we rely on your consent in order to process certain personal data, you have right not to provide your consent or to withdraw your consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.Stoic App provide you with ability to obtain your data and easily transfer them to other service provider.You can anytime decide to delate your data – it will be done automatically when you remove Stoic App from your device.If you do not wish to receive information from Stoic, you can any time object by clicking the link which you will find in an email received from us. Additional user’s rights under GDPRIf  GDPR applies to you can exercise additional rights such as:Right to object. In certain circumstances, you may have the right to object processing your personal data by Stoic (for example when legal basis for processing is Stoic’s legitimate interest and there are no legal grounds to refuse the request).Right of erasure. In certain circumstances, you may have the right to the erasure of personal data that we hold about you (for example if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was originally collected).Right to restrict processing. When you contest the accuracy of your information, believe we process it unlawfully or want to object against the processing, you have the right to temporarily stop the processing of your information.If you believe that we violate your data rights, you have the right to file a complaint with relevant data protection authority. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you make a complaint so please contact us in the first instance.Additional user’s rights under CCPAIf you CCPA applies to you:we hereby declare that we do not sale your personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other benefits or value;additionally to general user’s rights listed above you have:Right of deletion of your personal information that we hold. This is subject to certain exceptions.Right to know. You have right to require that we disclose the following information about you we hold:categories of personal information collectedcategories of sources of personal informationcategories of personal information we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purposecategories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal informationthe business purposes for collecting personal informationa copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Right to non-discrimination: the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.Our European Union representative is: Maciej Łobodzińskim@stoicroutine.com‍If you have questions or requests regarding your privacy please contact us: m@stoicroutine.com